hello today I'm going to be doing my
birthday haul 2015 and I've never done
one of these before but I see that a lot
of people really do like watching them
on YouTube so I decided to show you mine
and I'd like to say that I really am NOT
trying to show off in any way at all I
just thought it might be quite a good
video to fill I'm going to start what my
parents got for me
my main president this year was the
Nintendo 3ds I got two games to go along
with this Mario Kart 7 and Disney
infinity then I got some books If I Stay
by Gayle Forman the Lisa Simpson guide
to geek chic to Neil Gaiman books to
gravy a book on the ocean at the end of
the lane Peter Pan and this is a really
nice addition because the pages are all
torn I got three Stephen Hawking books
the grand design the theory of
everything and a brief history of time
because I've read a brief history of
time but I haven't read the whole thing
I got four of the high pass Ultimate
editions the Chamber of Secrets the
order of the Phoenix the Deathly Hallows
Part one and Part two this was a huge
surprise and I was so grateful the movie
Tinkerbell and the neverbeast some
things from accessorize this Revlon wild
violets nail varnish this really nice
candle in a local orchard I got to
quaffable through her a poster this tiny
jelly cat rabbit a gorgeous purse this
really nice handbag this amazing
spotty rucksack from accessorize this
clock rugby necklace that my mum said
reminded her of Hugo this yellow rain
Mac which is just like Coraline's
this black blazer from a vintage shop
this Levi's denim jacket this gorgeous
Gryffindor Hogwarts cloak and it's
topped from white stuff this map from
tumble track which I've been using so
much a new gymnastics leotard and
tickets to go and see Matilda the
musical
then my sister Martha was really kind
and got me some really nice things she
got me an ounce an action figure an Olaf
Samsung the strange and beautiful
Sorrows of Ava lavender which I am
absolutely loving 14 thousand things to
be happy about this Lisa Simpson das set
this little rubber and this necklace
that says big sis
she made me a burn book and this is
amazing this is the most thoughtful
things along one of my grandparents got
me the Harry Potter Prisoner of Azkaban
ultimate edition my other grandparents
got me this photo frame which I've put
my platform nine and three-quarters
ticket in they also got me this really
nice hour planner and a palm tree pan
which was inside of it
I got me this owl glasses case a bunch
of Japanese rubbers and this really nice
owl notepad my cousin's got me the soft
wicker count star and I absolutely loved
this and they also got me this flower
coat Anna
my great uncle and Auntie got me the new
Anna movie on DVD add a Harry Potter
cookbook
[Music]